PyCIFRW COPYRIGHT AND LICENSING STATEMENT


1.This Software copyright Â© Australian Synchrotron Research Program
Inc, ("ASRP").

2.Subject to ensuring that this copyright notice and licence terms
appear on all copies and all modified versions, of PyCIFRW computer
code ("this Software"), a royalty-free non-exclusive licence is hereby
given (i) to use, copy and modify this Software including the use of
reasonable portions of it in other software and (ii) to publish,
bundle and otherwise re-distribute this Software or modified versions
of this Software to third parties, provided that this copyright notice
and terms are clearly shown as applying to all parts of software
derived from this Software on each occasion it is published, bundled
or re-distributed.  You are encouraged to communicate useful
modifications to ASRP for inclusion for future versions.

3.No part of this Software may be sold as a standalone package.

4.If any part of this Software is bundled with Software that is sold,
a free copy of the relevant version of this Software must be made
available through the same distribution channel (be that web server,
tape, CD or otherwise).

5.It is a term of exercise of any of the above royalty free licence
rights that ASRP gives no warranty, undertaking or representation
whatsoever whether express or implied by statute, common law, custom
or otherwise, in respect of this Software or any part of it.  Without
limiting the generality of the preceding sentence, ASRP will not be
liable for any injury, loss or damage (including consequential loss or
damage) or other loss, loss of profits, costs, charges or expenses
however caused which may be suffered, incurred or arise directly or
indirectly in respect of this Software.

6. This software is not licensed for use in medical applications.


