(*
This document is freely plagiarised from the 'Artistic Licence',
distributed as part of the Perl v4.0 kit by Larry Wall, which is
available from most major archive sites
*)

This documents purpose is to state the conditions under which these
Packages (See definition below) viz: "Crack", the Unix Password Cracker,
and "CrackLib", the Unix Password Checking library, which are held in
copyright by Alec David Edward Muffett, may be copied, such that the
copyright holder maintains some semblance of artistic control over the
development of the packages, while giving the users of the package the
right to use and distribute the Package in a more-or-less customary
fashion, plus the right to make reasonable modifications. 

So there.

***************************************************************************

Definitions:


A "Package" refers to the collection of files distributed by the
Copyright Holder, and derivatives of that collection of files created
through textual modification, or segments thereof. 

"Standard Version" refers to such a Package if it has not been modified,
or has been modified in accordance with the wishes of the Copyright
Holder.

"Copyright Holder" is whoever is named in the copyright or copyrights
for the package.

"You" is you, if you're thinking about copying or distributing this
Package.

"Reasonable copying fee" is whatever you can justify on the basis of
media cost, duplication charges, time of people involved, and so on.
(You will not be required to justify it to the Copyright Holder, but
only to the computing community at large as a market that must bear the
fee.)

"Freely Available" means that no fee is charged for the item itself,
though there may be fees involved in handling the item.  It also means
that recipients of the item may redistribute it under the same
conditions they received it.


1.  You may make and give away verbatim copies of the source form of the
Standard Version of this Package without restriction, provided that you
duplicate all of the original copyright notices and associated
disclaimers.

2.  You may apply bug fixes, portability fixes and other modifications
derived from the Public Domain or from the Copyright Holder.  A Package
modified in such a way shall still be considered the Standard Version.

3.  You may otherwise modify your copy of this Package in any way,
provided that you insert a prominent notice in each changed file stating
how and when AND WHY you changed that file, and provided that you do at
least ONE of the following:

a) place your modifications in the Public Domain or otherwise make them
Freely Available, such as by posting said modifications to Usenet or an
equivalent medium, or placing the modifications on a major archive site
such as uunet.uu.net, or by allowing the Copyright Holder to include
your modifications in the Standard Version of the Package.

b) use the modified Package only within your corporation or organization.

c) rename any non-standard executables so the names do not conflict with
standard executables, which must also be provided, and provide separate
documentation for each non-standard executable that clearly documents
how it differs from the Standard Version.

d) make other distribution arrangements with the Copyright Holder.

4.  You may distribute the programs of this Package in object code or
executable form, provided that you do at least ONE of the following:

a) distribute a Standard Version of the executables and library files,
together with instructions (in the manual page or equivalent) on where
to get the Standard Version.

b) accompany the distribution with the machine-readable source of the
Package with your modifications.

c) accompany any non-standard executables with their corresponding
Standard Version executables, giving the non-standard executables
non-standard names, and clearly documenting the differences in manual
pages (or equivalent), together with instructions on where to get the
Standard Version.

d) make other distribution arrangements with the Copyright Holder.

5.  You may charge a reasonable copying fee for any distribution of this
Package.  You may charge any fee you choose for support of this Package. 
YOU MAY NOT CHARGE A FEE FOR THIS PACKAGE ITSELF.  However, you may
distribute this Package in aggregate with other (possibly commercial)
programs as part of a larger (possibly commercial) software distribution
provided that YOU DO NOT ADVERTISE this package as a product of your
own. 

6.  The name of the Copyright Holder may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission.

7.  THIS PACKAGE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

				The End
