
			MakeIndex Distribution Notice

				11/11/1989

	Copyright (C) 1989 by Chen & Harrison International Systems, Inc.  
	Copyright (C) 1988 by Olivetti Research Center
	Copyright (C) 1987 by Regents of the University of California

	Author:	
	  	Pehong Chen (phc@renoir.berkeley.edu)
		Chen & Harrison International Systems, Inc.
		Palo Alto, California
	  	USA

Permission is hereby granted to make and distribute original copies of
this program provided that the copyright notice and this permission
notice are preserved and provided that the recipient is not asked to
waive or limit his right to redistribute copies as allowed by this
permission notice and provided that anyone who receives an executable
form of this program is granted access to a machine-readable form of
the source code for this program at a cost not greater than reasonable
reproduction, shipping, and handling costs.  Executable forms of this
program distributed without the source code must be accompanied by a
conspicuous copy of this permission notice and a statement that tells
the recipient how to obtain the source code.
                                                                       
Permission is granted to distribute modified versions of all or part
of this program under the conditions above with the additional
requirement that the entire modified work must be covered by a
permission notice identical to this permission notice.  Anything
distributed with and usable only in conjunction with something derived
from this program, whose useful purpose is to extend or adapt or add
capabilities to this program, is to be considered a modified version
of this program under the requirement above.  Ports of this program to
other systems not supported in the distribution are also considered
modified versions.  All modified versions should be reported back to
the author.

This program is distributed with no warranty of any sort.  No
contributor accepts responsibility for the consequences of using this
program or for whether it serves any particular purpose.
