This license applies to all portions of Subversion which are not
externally-maintained libraries (e.g. apr/, apr-util/, and neon/).
Such libraries have their own licenses; we recommend you read them, as
their terms may differ from the terms below.

This is version 1 of this license.  It is also available online at
http://subversion.tigris.org/license-1.html.  If newer versions of
this license are posted there (the same URL, but with the version
number incremented: .../license-2.html, .../license-3.html, and so
on), you may use a newer version instead, at your option.

================================================================
Copyright (c) 2000-2006 CollabNet.  All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in
   the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
   distribution.

3. The end-user documentation included with the redistribution,
   if any, must include the following acknowledgment:
      "This product includes software developed by
       CollabNet (http://www.Collab.Net/)."
   Alternately, this acknowledgment may appear in the software itself,
   if and wherever such third-party acknowledgments normally appear.

4. The hosted project names must not be used to endorse or promote
   products derived from this software without prior written
   permission. For written permission, please contact info@collab.net.

5. Products derived from this software may not use the "Tigris" name
   nor may "Tigris" appear in their names without prior written
   permission of CollabNet.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.
IN NO EVENT SHALL COLLABNET OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE
GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR
OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

====================================================================

This software consists of voluntary contributions made by many
individuals on behalf of CollabNet.
