Sun Microsystems, Inc. Binary Code License Agreement

for the JAVA SE DEVELOPMENT KIT (JDK), VERSION 6

SUN MICROSYSTEMS, INC. ("SUN") IS WILLING TO LICENSE 
THE SOFTWARE IDENTIFIED BELOW TO YOU ONLY UPON THE 
CONDITION THAT YOU ACCEPT ALL OF THE TERMS CONTAINED 
IN THIS BINARY CODE LICENSE AGREEMENT AND SUPPLEMENTAL 
LICENSE TERMS (COLLECTIVELY "AGREEMENT").  PLEASE READ 
THE AGREEMENT CAREFULLY.  BY DOWNLOADING OR INSTALLING 
THIS SOFTWARE, YOU ACCEPT THE TERMS OF THE AGREEMENT. 
INDICATE ACCEPTANCE BY SELECTING THE "ACCEPT" BUTTON 
AT THE BOTTOM OF THE AGREEMENT. IF YOU ARE NOT WILLING 
TO BE BOUND BY ALL THE TERMS, SELECT THE "DECLINE" 
BUTTON AT THE BOTTOM OF THE AGREEMENT AND THE DOWNLOAD 
OR INSTALL PROCESS WILL NOT CONTINUE. 

1. DEFINITIONS. "Software" means the identified above 
in binary form, any other machine readable materials 
(including, but not limited to, libraries, source 
files, header files, and data files), any updates or 
error corrections provided by Sun, and any user 
manuals, programming guides and other documentation 
provided to you by Sun under this Agreement. 
"Programs" mean Java applets and applications intended 
to run on the Java Platform, Standard Edition (Java 
SE) on Java-enabled general purpose desktop computers 
and servers.

2. LICENSE TO USE. Subject to the terms and conditions 
of this Agreement, including, but not limited to the 
Java Technology Restrictions of the Supplemental 
License Terms, Sun grants you a non-exclusive, 
non-transferable, limited license without license fees 
to reproduce and use internally Software complete and 
unmodified for the sole purpose of running Programs. 
Additional licenses for developers and/or publishers 
are granted in the Supplemental License Terms.

3. RESTRICTIONS. Software is confidential and 
copyrighted. Title to Software and all associated 
intellectual property rights is retained by Sun and/or 
its licensors. Unless enforcement is prohibited by 
applicable law, you may not modify, decompile, or 
reverse engineer Software.  You acknowledge that 
Licensed Software is not designed or intended for use 
in the design, construction, operation or maintenance 
of any nuclear facility. Sun Microsystems, Inc. 
disclaims any express or implied warranty of fitness 
for such uses. No right, title or interest in or to 
any trademark, service mark, logo or trade name of Sun 
or its licensors is granted under this Agreement. 
Additional restrictions for developers and/or 
publishers licenses are set forth in the Supplemental 
License Terms.

4. LIMITED WARRANTY.  Sun warrants to you that for a 
period of ninety (90) days from the date of purchase, 
as evidenced by a copy of the receipt, the media on 
which Software is furnished (if any) will be free of 
defects in materials and workmanship under normal use.  
Except for the foregoing, Software is provided "AS IS".  
Your exclusive remedy and Sun''s entire liability under 
this limited warranty will be at Sun''s option to 
replace Software media or refund the fee paid for 
Software. Any implied warranties on the Software are 
limited to 90 days. Some states do not allow 
limitations on duration of an implied warranty, so the 
above may not apply to you. This limited warranty 
gives you specific legal rights. You may have others, 
which vary from state to state. 

5. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY.  UNLESS SPECIFIED IN THIS 
AGREEMENT, ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED CONDITIONS, 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED 
WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR 
PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT ARE DISCLAIMED, EXCEPT TO 
THE EXTENT THAT THESE DISCLAIMERS ARE HELD TO BE 
LEGALLY INVALID. 

6. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.  TO THE EXTENT NOT 
PROHIBITED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL SUN OR ITS 
LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOST REVENUE, PROFIT OR 
DATA, OR FOR SPECIAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, 
INCIDENTAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, HOWEVER CAUSED 
REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF 
OR RELATED TO THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE SOFTWARE, 
EVEN IF SUN HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF 
SUCH DAMAGES.  In no event will Sun''s liability to you, 
whether in contract, tort (including negligence), or 
otherwise, exceed the amount paid by you for Software 
under this Agreement.  The foregoing limitations will 
apply even if the above stated warranty fails of its 
essential purpose. Some states do not allow the 
exclusion of incidental or consequential damages, so 
some of the terms above may not be applicable to you. 

7. TERMINATION.  This Agreement is effective until 
terminated.  You may terminate this Agreement at any 
time by destroying all copies of Software.  This 
Agreement will terminate immediately without notice 
from Sun if you fail to comply with any provision of 
this Agreement.  Either party may terminate this 
Agreement immediately should any Software become, or 
in either party''s opinion be likely to become, the 
subject of a claim of infringement of any intellectual 
property right. Upon Termination, you must destroy all 
copies of Software. 

8. EXPORT REGULATIONS. All Software and technical data 
delivered under this Agreement are subject to US 
export control laws and may be subject to export or 
import regulations in other countries.  You agree to 
comply strictly with all such laws and regulations and 
acknowledge that you have the responsibility to obtain 
such licenses to export, re-export, or import as may 
be required after delivery to you. 

9. TRADEMARKS AND LOGOS. You acknowledge and agree as 
between you and Sun that Sun owns the SUN, SOLARIS, 
JAVA, JINI, FORTE, and iPLANET trademarks and all SUN, 
SOLARIS, JAVA, JINI, FORTE, and iPLANET-related 
trademarks, service marks, logos and other brand 
designations ("Sun Marks"), and you agree to comply 
with the Sun Trademark and Logo Usage Requirements 
currently located at 
http://www.sun.com/policies/trademarks. Any use you 
make of the Sun Marks inures to Sun''s benefit. 

10. U.S. GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS.  If Software is 
being acquired by or on behalf of the U.S. Government 
or by a U.S. Government prime contractor or 
subcontractor (at any tier), then the Government''s 
rights in Software and accompanying documentation will 
be only as set forth in this Agreement; this is in 
accordance with 48 CFR 227.7201 through 227.7202-4 
(for Department of Defense (DOD) acquisitions) and 
with 48 CFR 2.101 and 12.212 (for non-DOD 
acquisitions). 

11. GOVERNING LAW.  Any action related to this Agreement 
will be governed by California law and controlling 
U.S. federal law.  No choice of law rules of any 
jurisdiction will apply. 

12. SEVERABILITY. If any provision of this Agreement 
is held to be unenforceable, this Agreement will 
remain in effect with the provision omitted, unless 
omission would frustrate the intent of the parties, in 
which case this Agreement will immediately terminate. 

13. INTEGRATION.  This Agreement is the entire agreement 
between you and Sun relating to its subject matter.  It 
supersedes all prior or contemporaneous oral or 
written communications, proposals, representations and 
warranties and prevails over any conflicting or 
additional terms of any quote, order, acknowledgment, 
or other communication between the parties relating to 
its subject matter during the term of this Agreement.  
No modification of this Agreement will be binding, 
unless in writing and signed by an authorized 
representative of each party. 

SUPPLEMENTAL LICENSE TERMS

These Supplemental License Terms add to or modify the 
terms of the Binary Code License Agreement. 
Capitalized terms not defined in these Supplemental 
Terms shall have the same meanings ascribed to them in 
the Binary Code License Agreement . These Supplemental 
Terms shall supersede any inconsistent or conflicting 
terms in the Binary Code License Agreement, or in any 
license contained within the Software. 

A. Software Internal Use and Development License 
Grant. Subject to the terms and conditions of this 
Agreement and restrictions and exceptions set forth in 
the Software "README" file incorporated herein by 
reference, including, but not limited to the Java 
Technology Restrictions of these Supplemental Terms, 
Sun grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, 
limited license without fees to reproduce internally 
and use internally the Software complete and 
unmodified for the purpose of designing, developing, 
and testing your Programs. 

B. License to Distribute Software. Subject to the 
terms and conditions of this Agreement and 
restrictions and exceptions set forth in the Software 
README file, including, but not limited to the Java 
Technology Restrictions of these Supplemental Terms, 
Sun grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, 
limited license without fees to reproduce and 
distribute the Software, provided that (i) you 
distribute the Software complete and unmodified and 
only bundled as part of, and for the sole purpose of 
running, your Programs, (ii) the Programs add 
significant and primary functionality to the Software, 
(iii) you do not distribute additional software 
intended to replace any component(s) of the Software, 
(iv) you do not remove or alter any proprietary 
legends or notices contained in the Software, (v) you 
only distribute the Software subject to a license 
agreement that protects Sun''s interests consistent 
with the terms contained in this Agreement, and (vi) 
you agree to defend and indemnify Sun and its 
licensors from and against any damages, costs, 
liabilities, settlement amounts and/or expenses 
(including attorneys'' fees) incurred in connection 
with any claim, lawsuit or action by any third party 
that arises or results from the use or distribution of 
any and all Programs and/or Software.

C. License to Distribute Redistributables. Subject to 
the terms and conditions of this Agreement and 
restrictions and exceptions set forth in the Software 
README file, including but not limited to the Java 
Technology Restrictions of these Supplemental Terms, 
Sun grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, 
limited license without fees to reproduce and 
distribute those files specifically identified as 
redistributable in the Software "README" file 
("Redistributables") provided that: (i) you distribute 
the Redistributables complete and unmodified, and only 
bundled as part of Programs, (ii) the Programs add 
significant and primary functionality to the 
Redistributables, (iii) you do not distribute 
additional software intended to supersede any 
component(s) of the Redistributables (unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable README file), (iv) you do 
not remove or alter any proprietary legends or notices 
contained in or on the Redistributables, (v) you only 
distribute the Redistributables pursuant to a license 
agreement that protects Sun''s interests consistent 
with the terms contained in the Agreement, (vi) you 
agree to defend and indemnify Sun and its licensors 
from and against any damages, costs, liabilities, 
settlement amounts and/or expenses (including 
attorneys'' fees) incurred in connection with any 
claim, lawsuit or action by any third party that 
arises or results from the use or distribution of any 
and all Programs and/or Software.

D. Java Technology Restrictions.  You may not create, 
modify, or change the behavior of, or authorize your 
licensees to create, modify, or change the behavior 
of, classes, interfaces, or subpackages that are in 
any way identified as "java", "javax", "sun" or 
similar convention as specified by Sun in any naming 
convention designation.

E. Distribution by Publishers. This section pertains 
to your distribution of the Software with your printed 
book or magazine (as those terms are commonly used in 
the industry) relating to Java technology 
("Publication"). Subject to and conditioned upon your 
compliance with the restrictions and obligations 
contained in the Agreement, in addition to the license 
granted in Paragraph 1 above, Sun hereby grants to you 
a non-exclusive, nontransferable limited right to 
reproduce complete and unmodified copies of the 
Software on electronic media (the "Media") for the 
sole purpose of inclusion and distribution with your 
Publication(s), subject to the following terms: (i) 
You may not distribute the Software on a stand-alone 
basis; it must be distributed with your 
Publication(s); (ii) You are responsible for 
downloading the Software from the applicable Sun web 
site; (iii) You must refer to the Software as JavaTM 
SE Development Kit 6; (iv) The Software must be 
reproduced in its entirety and without any 
modification whatsoever (including, without 
limitation, the Binary Code License and Supplemental 
License Terms accompanying the Software and 
proprietary rights notices contained in the Software); 
(v) The Media label shall include the following 
information: Copyright 2006, Sun Microsystems, Inc. 
All rights reserved. Use is subject to license terms. 
Sun, Sun Microsystems, the Sun logo, Solaris, Java, 
the Java Coffee Cup logo, J2SE, and all trademarks and 
logos based on Java are trademarks or registered 
trademarks of Sun Microsystems, Inc. in the U.S. and 
other countries. This information must be placed on 
the Media label in such a manner as to only apply to 
the Sun Software; (vi) You must clearly identify the 
Software as Sun''s product on the Media holder or Media 
label, and you may not state or imply that Sun is 
responsible for any third-party software contained on 
the Media; (vii) You may not include any third party 
software on the Media which is intended to be a 
replacement or substitute for the Software; (viii) You 
shall indemnify Sun for all damages arising from your 
failure to comply with the requirements of this 
Agreement. In addition, you shall defend, at your 
expense, any and all claims brought against Sun by 
third parties, and shall pay all damages awarded by a 
court of competent jurisdiction, or such settlement 
amount negotiated by you, arising out of or in 
connection with your use, reproduction or distribution 
of the Software and/or the Publication. Your 
obligation to provide indemnification under this 
section shall arise provided that Sun: (a) provides 
you prompt notice of the claim; (b) gives you sole 
control of the defense and settlement of the claim; 
(c) provides you, at your expense, with all available 
information, assistance and authority to defend; and 
(d) has not compromised or settled such claim without 
your prior written consent; and (ix) You shall provide 
Sun with a written notice for each Publication; such 
notice shall include the following information: (1) 
title of Publication, (2) author(s), (3) date of 
Publication, and (4) ISBN or ISSN numbers. Such notice 
shall be sent to Sun Microsystems, Inc., 4150 Network 
Circle, M/S USCA12-110, Santa Clara, California 95054, 
U.S.A , Attention: Contracts Administration.

F. Source Code. Software may contain source code that, 
unless expressly licensed for other purposes, is 
provided solely for reference purposes pursuant to the 
terms of this Agreement. Source code may not be 
redistributed unless expressly provided for in this 
Agreement.

G. Third Party Code. Additional copyright notices and 
license terms applicable to portions of the Software 
are set forth in the THIRDPARTYLICENSEREADME.txt file. 
In addition to any terms and conditions of any third 
party opensource/freeware license identified in the 
THIRDPARTYLICENSEREADME.txt file, the disclaimer of 
warranty and limitation of liability provisions in 
paragraphs 5 and 6 of the  Binary Code License 
Agreement shall apply to all Software in this 
distribution.

H. Termination for Infringement. Either party may 
terminate this Agreement immediately should any 
Software become, or in either party''s opinion be 
likely to become, the subject of a claim of 
infringement of any intellectual property right.

I. Installation and Auto-Update.  The Software''s 
installation and auto-update processes transmit a 
limited amount of data to Sun (or its service 
provider) about those specific processes to help Sun 
understand and optimize them.  Sun does not associate 
the data with personally identifiable information.  
You can find more information about the data Sun 
collects at http://java.com/data/. 

For inquiries please contact: Sun Microsystems, Inc., 
4150 Network Circle, Santa  Clara, California 95054, 
U.S.A.