 *** ***		*** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** 
=========  License	============================================ 
 *** ***		*** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** 

Terms and Conditions

This is the Android Software Development Kit License Agreement

1. Introduction

1.1 The Android Software Development Kit (referred to in this License Agreement
as the "SDK" and specifically including the Android system files, packaged
APIs, and Google APIs add-ons) is licensed to you subject to the terms of this
License Agreement. This License Agreement forms a legally binding contract
between you and Google in relation to your use of the SDK.

1.2 “Android” means the Android software stack for devices, as made available
under the Android Open Source Project, which is located at the following URL:
http://source.android.com/, as updated from time to time.

1.3 "Google" means Google Inc., a Delaware corporation with principal place of
business at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States.


2. Accepting this License Agreement

2.1 In order to use the SDK, you must first agree to this License Agreement.
You may not use the SDK if you do not accept this License Agreement.

2.2 By clicking to accept, you hereby agree to the terms of this License
Agreement.

2.3 You may not use the SDK and may not accept the License Agreement if you are
a person barred from receiving the SDK under the laws of the United States or
other countries including the country in which you are resident or from which
you use the SDK.

2.4 If you are agreeing to be bound by this License Agreement on behalf of your
employer or other entity, you represent and warrant that you have full legal
authority to bind your employer or such entity to this License Agreement. If
you do not have the requisite authority, you may not accept the License
Agreement or use the SDK on behalf of your employer or other entity.


3. SDK License from Google

3.1 Subject to the terms of this License Agreement, Google grants you a
limited, worldwide, royalty-free, non-assignable and non-exclusive license to
use the SDK solely to develop applications to run on the Android platform.

3.2 You agree that Google or third parties own all legal right, title and
interest in and to the SDK, including any Intellectual Property Rights that
subsist in the SDK. "Intellectual Property Rights" means any and all rights
under patent law, copyright law, trade secret law, trademark law, and any and
all other proprietary rights. Google reserves all rights not expressly granted
to you.

3.3 You may not use the SDK for any purpose not expressly permitted by this
License Agreement.  Except to the extent required by applicable third party
licenses, you may not: (a) copy (except for backup purposes), modify, adapt,
redistribute, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, or create derivative
works of the SDK or any part of the SDK; or (b) load any part of the SDK onto a
mobile handset or any other hardware device except a personal computer, combine
any part of the SDK with other software, or distribute any software or device
incorporating a part of the SDK.

3.4 You agree that you will not take any actions that may cause or result in
the fragmentation of Android, including but not limited to distributing,
participating in the creation of, or promoting in any way a software
development kit derived from the SDK.

3.5 Use, reproduction and distribution of components of the SDK licensed under
an open source software license are governed solely by the terms of that open
source software license and not this License Agreement.

3.6 You agree that the form and nature of the SDK that Google provides may
change without prior notice to you and that future versions of the SDK may be
incompatible with applications developed on previous versions of the SDK. You
agree that Google may stop (permanently or temporarily) providing the SDK (or
any features within the SDK) to you or to users generally at Google's sole
discretion, without prior notice to you.

3.7 Nothing in this License Agreement gives you a right to use any of Google's
trade names, trademarks, service marks, logos, domain names, or other
distinctive brand features.

3.8 You agree that you will not remove, obscure, or alter any proprietary
rights notices (including copyright and trademark notices) that may be affixed
to or contained within the SDK.


4. Use of the SDK by You

4.1 Google agrees that it obtains no right, title or interest from you (or your
licensors) under this License Agreement in or to any software applications that
you develop using the SDK, including any intellectual property rights that
subsist in those applications.

4.2 You agree to use the SDK and write applications only for purposes that are
permitted by (a) this License Agreement and (b) any applicable law, regulation
or generally accepted practices or guidelines in the relevant jurisdictions
(including any laws regarding the export of data or software to and from the
United States or other relevant countries).

4.3 You agree that if you use the SDK to develop applications for general
public users, you will protect the privacy and legal rights of those users. If
the users provide you with user names, passwords, or other login information or
personal information, you must make the users aware that the information will
be available to your application, and you must provide legally adequate privacy
notice and protection for those users. If your application stores personal or
sensitive information provided by users, it must do so securely. If the user
provides your application with Google Account information, your application may
only use that information to access the user's Google Account when, and for the
limited purposes for which, the user has given you permission to do so.

4.4 You agree that you will not engage in any activity with the SDK, including
the development or distribution of an application, that interferes with,
disrupts, damages, or accesses in an unauthorized manner the servers, networks,
or other properties or services of any third party including, but not limited
to, Google or any mobile communications carrier.

4.5 You agree that you are solely responsible for (and that Google has no
responsibility to you or to any third party for) any data, content, or
resources that you create, transmit or display through Android and/or
applications for Android, and for the consequences of your actions (including
any loss or damage which Google may suffer) by doing so.

4.6 You agree that you are solely responsible for (and that Google has no
responsibility to you or to any third party for) any breach of your obligations
under this License Agreement, any applicable third party contract or Terms of
Service, or any applicable law or regulation, and for the consequences
(including any loss or damage which Google or any third party may suffer) of
any such breach.


5. Your Developer Credentials

5.1 You agree that you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of
any developer credentials that may be issued to you by Google or which you may
choose yourself and that you will be solely responsible for all applications
that are developed under your developer credentials.


6. Privacy and Information

6.1 In order to continually innovate and improve the SDK, Google may collect
certain usage statistics from the software including but not limited to a
unique identifier, associated IP address, version number of the software, and
information on which tools and/or services in the SDK are being used and how
they are being used. Before any of this information is collected, the SDK will
notify you and seek your consent. If you withhold consent, the information will
not be collected.

6.2 The data collected is examined in the aggregate to improve the SDK and is
maintained in accordance with Google's Privacy Policy.


7. Third Party Applications

7.1 If you use the SDK to run applications developed by a third party or that
access data, content or resources provided by a third party, you agree that
Google is not responsible for those applications, data, content, or resources.
You understand that all data, content or resources which you may access through
such third party applications are the sole responsibility of the person from
which they originated and that Google is not liable for any loss or damage that
you may experience as a result of the use or access of any of those third party
applications, data, content, or resources.

7.2 You should be aware the data, content, and resources presented to you
through such a third party application may be protected by intellectual
property rights which are owned by the providers (or by other persons or
companies on their behalf). You may not modify, rent, lease, loan, sell,
distribute or create derivative works based on these data, content, or
resources (either in whole or in part) unless you have been specifically given
permission to do so by the relevant owners.

7.3 You acknowledge that your use of such third party applications, data,
content, or resources may be subject to separate terms between you and the
relevant third party. In that case, this License Agreement does not affect your
legal relationship with these third parties.


8. Using Android APIs

8.1 Google Data APIs

8.1.1 If you use any API to retrieve data from Google, you acknowledge that the
data may be protected by intellectual property rights which are owned by Google
or those parties that provide the data (or by other persons or companies on
their behalf). Your use of any such API may be subject to additional Terms of
Service. You may not modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute or create
derivative works based on this data (either in whole or in part) unless allowed
by the relevant Terms of Service.

8.1.2 If you use any API to retrieve a user's data from Google, you acknowledge
and agree that you shall retrieve data only with the user's explicit consent
and only when, and for the limited purposes for which, the user has given you
permission to do so.


9. Terminating this License Agreement

9.1 This License Agreement will continue to apply until terminated by either
you or Google as set out below.

9.2 If you want to terminate this License Agreement, you may do so by ceasing
your use of the SDK and any relevant developer credentials.

9.3 Google may at any time, terminate this License Agreement with you if:
(A) you have breached any provision of this License Agreement; or
(B) Google is required to do so by law; or
(C) the partner with whom Google offered certain parts of SDK (such as APIs) to
you has terminated its relationship with Google or ceased to offer certain
parts of the SDK to you; or
(D) Google decides to no longer provide the SDK or certain parts of the SDK to
users in the country in which you are resident or from which you use the
service, or the provision of the SDK or certain SDK services to you by Google
is, in Google's sole discretion, no longer commercially viable.

9.4 When this License Agreement comes to an end, all of the legal rights,
obligations and liabilities that you and Google have benefited from, been
subject to (or which have accrued over time whilst this License Agreement has
been in force) or which are expressed to continue indefinitely, shall be
unaffected by this cessation, and the provisions of paragraph 14.7 shall
continue to apply to such rights, obligations and liabilities indefinitely.


10. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES

10.1 YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SDK IS AT YOUR
SOLE RISK AND THAT THE SDK IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" WITHOUT
WARRANTY OF ANY KIND FROM GOOGLE.

10.2 YOUR USE OF THE SDK AND ANY MATERIAL DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED
THROUGH THE USE OF THE SDK IS AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND YOU ARE
SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR OTHER DEVICE OR
LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM SUCH USE.

10.3 GOOGLE FURTHER EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.


11. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

11.1 YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT GOOGLE, ITS SUBSIDIARIES AND
AFFILIATES, AND ITS LICENSORS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU UNDER ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR
EXEMPLARY DAMAGES THAT MAY BE INCURRED BY YOU, INCLUDING ANY LOSS OF DATA,
WHETHER OR NOT GOOGLE OR ITS REPRESENTATIVES HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF OR SHOULD
HAVE BEEN AWARE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH LOSSES ARISING.


12. Indemnification

12.1 To the maximum extent permitted by law, you agree to defend, indemnify and
hold harmless Google, its affiliates and their respective directors, officers,
employees and agents from and against any and all claims, actions, suits or
proceedings, as well as any and all losses, liabilities, damages, costs and
expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees) arising out of or accruing from
(a) your use of the SDK, (b) any application you develop on the SDK that
infringes any copyright, trademark, trade secret, trade dress, patent or other
intellectual property right of any person or defames any person or violates
their rights of publicity or privacy, and (c) any non-compliance by you with
this License Agreement.


13. Changes to the License Agreement

13.1 Google may make changes to the License Agreement as it distributes new
versions of the SDK. When these changes are made, Google will make a new
version of the License Agreement available on the website where the SDK is made
available.


14. General Legal Terms

14.1 This License Agreement constitutes the whole legal agreement between you
and Google and governs your use of the SDK (excluding any services which Google
may provide to you under a separate written agreement), and completely replaces
any prior agreements between you and Google in relation to the SDK.

14.2 You agree that if Google does not exercise or enforce any legal right or
remedy which is contained in this License Agreement (or which Google has the
benefit of under any applicable law), this will not be taken to be a formal
waiver of Google's rights and that those rights or remedies will still be
available to Google.

14.3 If any court of law, having the jurisdiction to decide on this matter,
rules that any provision of this License Agreement is invalid, then that
provision will be removed from this License Agreement without affecting the
rest of this License Agreement. The remaining provisions of this License
Agreement will continue to be valid and enforceable.

14.4 You acknowledge and agree that each member of the group of companies of
which Google is the parent shall be third party beneficiaries to this License
Agreement and that such other companies shall be entitled to directly enforce,
and rely upon, any provision of this License Agreement that confers a benefit
on (or rights in favor of) them. Other than this, no other person or company
shall be third party beneficiaries to this License Agreement.

14.5 EXPORT RESTRICTIONS. THE SDK IS SUBJECT TO UNITED STATES EXPORT LAWS AND
REGULATIONS. YOU MUST COMPLY WITH ALL DOMESTIC AND INTERNATIONAL EXPORT LAWS
AND REGULATIONS THAT APPLY TO THE SDK. THESE LAWS INCLUDE RESTRICTIONS ON
DESTINATIONS, END USERS AND END USE.

14.6 The rights granted in this License Agreement may not be assigned or
transferred by either you or Google without the prior written approval of the
other party. Neither you nor Google shall be permitted to delegate their
responsibilities or obligations under this License Agreement without the prior
written approval of the other party.

14.7 This License Agreement, and your relationship with Google under this
License Agreement, shall be governed by the laws of the State of California
without regard to its conflict of laws provisions. You and Google agree to
submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located within the county of
Santa Clara, California to resolve any legal matter arising from this License
Agreement. Notwithstanding this, you agree that Google shall still be allowed
to apply for injunctive remedies (or an equivalent type of urgent legal relief)
in any jurisdiction.


November 13, 2012
== end text of SDK license




Apache License, Version 2.0
 
 Foundation
 Projects
 People
 Get Involved
 Download
 Support Apache
 
Home » Licenses

   
 



Apache License

Version 2.0, January 2004

http://www.apache.org/licenses/ 

TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION

1. Definitions.

"License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction, and
distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document.

"Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by the copyright
owner that is granting the License.

"Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all other entities
that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with that entity.
For the purposes of this definition, "control" means (i) the power, direct or
indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by
contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the
outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.

"You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity exercising
permissions granted by this License.

"Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications, including
but not limited to software source code, documentation source, and
configuration files.

"Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical transformation or
translation of a Source form, including but not limited to compiled object
code, generated documentation, and conversions to other media types.

"Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or Object form,
made available under the License, as indicated by a copyright notice that is
included in or attached to the work (an example is provided in the Appendix
below).

"Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object form, that
is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the editorial revisions,
annotations, elaborations, or other modifications represent, as a whole, an
original work of authorship. For the purposes of this License, Derivative Works
shall not include works that remain separable from, or merely link (or bind by
name) to the interfaces of, the Work and Derivative Works thereof.

"Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including the original
version of the Work and any modifications or additions to that Work or
Derivative Works thereof, that is intentionally submitted to Licensor for
inclusion in the Work by the copyright owner or by an individual or Legal
Entity authorized to submit on behalf of the copyright owner. For the purposes
of this definition, "submitted" means any form of electronic, verbal, or
written communication sent to the Licensor or its representatives, including
but not limited to communication on electronic mailing lists, source code
control systems, and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf
of, the Licensor for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but
excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise designated in
writing by the copyright owner as "Not a Contribution."

"Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity on behalf
of whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and subsequently
incorporated within the Work.

2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this
License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual, worldwide,
non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable copyright license to
reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of, publicly display, publicly perform,
sublicense, and distribute the Work and such Derivative Works in Source or
Object form.

3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this
License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual, worldwide,
non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in this
section) patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import,
and otherwise transfer the Work, where such license applies only to those
patent claims licensable by such Contributor that are necessarily infringed by
their Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their Contribution(s) with the
Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If You institute patent
litigation against any entity (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a
lawsuit) alleging that the Work or a Contribution incorporated within the Work
constitutes direct or contributory patent infringement, then any patent
licenses granted to You under this License for that Work shall terminate as of
the date such litigation is filed.

4. Redistribution. You may reproduce and distribute copies of the Work or
Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without modifications, and in
Source or Object form, provided that You meet the following conditions:
1.
You must give any other recipients of the Work or Derivative Works a copy of
this License; and

2.
You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices stating that You
changed the files; and

3.
You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works that You
distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and attribution notices from the
Source form of the Work, excluding those notices that do not pertain to any
part of the Derivative Works; and

4.
If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its distribution, then any
Derivative Works that You distribute must include a readable copy of the
attribution notices contained within such NOTICE file, excluding those notices
that do not pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least one of the
following places: within a NOTICE text file distributed as part of the
Derivative Works; within the Source form or documentation, if provided along
with the Derivative Works; or, within a display generated by the Derivative
Works, if and wherever such third-party notices normally appear. The contents
of the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and do not modify the
License. You may add Your own attribution notices within Derivative Works that
You distribute, alongside or as an addendum to the NOTICE text from the Work,
provided that such additional attribution notices cannot be construed as
modifying the License. You may add Your own copyright statement to Your
modifications and may provide additional or different license terms and
conditions for use, reproduction, or distribution of Your modifications, or for
any such Derivative Works as a whole, provided Your use, reproduction, and
distribution of the Work otherwise complies with the conditions stated in this
License.


5. Submission of Contributions. Unless You explicitly state otherwise, any
Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work by You to the
Licensor shall be under the terms and conditions of this License, without any
additional terms or conditions. Notwithstanding the above, nothing herein shall
supersede or modify the terms of any separate license agreement you may have
executed with Licensor regarding such Contributions.

6. Trademarks. This License does not grant permission to use the trade names,
trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor, except as required
for reasonable and customary use in describing the origin of the Work and
reproducing the content of the NOTICE file.

7. Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in
writing, Licensor provides the Work (and each Contributor provides its
Contributions) on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied, including, without limitation, any warranties
or conditions of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely responsible for determining the
appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work and assume any risks
associated with Your exercise of permissions under this License.

8. Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no legal theory, whether in
tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise, unless required by
applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly negligent acts) or agreed to in
writing, shall any Contributor be liable to You for damages, including any
direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages of any
character arising as a result of this License or out of the use or inability to
use the Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill, work
stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all other commercial
damages or losses), even if such Contributor has been advised of the
possibility of such damages.

9. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability. While redistributing the Work or
Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer, and charge a fee for,
acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity, or other liability obligations
and/or rights consistent with this License. However, in accepting such
obligations, You may act only on Your own behalf and on Your sole
responsibility, not on behalf of any other Contributor, and only if You agree
to indemnify, defend, and hold each Contributor harmless for any liability
incurred by, or claims asserted against, such Contributor by reason of your
accepting any such warranty or additional liability.